Create an S3 BucketDescriptionThis scenario is going to demonstrate how easy it is to create an S3 bucket in the AWS cloud. We will be using two completely different methods, or interfaces as we work through this scenario. The command line interface is one common method to carry out tasks in the AWS cloud. The GUI based AWS Management console is another method. By the end of this scenario, you will have created an S3 bucket using the CLI and reviewed the S3 service and your newly created S3 bucket using the AWS management console. Each of these methods calls specific S3 APIs hosted at AWS to carry out the requested task or tasks. And don’t worry, all communication to and from AWS is encrypted using HTTPS endpoints.You may already use cloud hosted storage services such as Microsoft OneDrive, or Apples iCloud, or Dropbox to store your pictures or files. Each of these services is technically the same as the S3 service at AWS.  S3 storage is unlimited, you can store as much as you want. A real-world example of using S3 storage would be the storing of static graphics used by a web application hosted at AWS. Or perhaps you create a backup of a virtual hard drive of your web server that is hosted at AWS. The backup is automatically stored in an S3 bucket. Learning ObjectiveHere’s what you will learn* What the AWS CLI is* How to enter commands in the CLI* What the Management console at AWS is* How to create an S3 bucket using the CLI* How to perform management using the S3 consolePrerequisite SkillsThis task is for administrators, software developers, or anybody that wishes to learn how to create an S3 bucket for storing files, backup, logs, reports, or anything you can think of.  Don't worry about any special skills required because there aren’t any! This scenario will walk you through every step being careful to avoid any missteps. Lets go!Table of Contents* Scenario A* Scenario B* Scenario C